[ADD] project/tasks: new doc about recurring tasks (#4260)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/services/project/tasks/recurring_tasks.rst

===============
Recurring tasks
===============

When handling a project, the same task often needs to be performed several times: for example,
weekly meetings or status reports. The **recurring tasks** feature allows you to automate the
creation of those tasks.

.. seealso::
   `Odoo Tutorials: Recurring tasks <https://www.odoo.com/slides/slide/recurring-tasks-1946>`_

Configuration
=============

To enable recurring tasks feature, go to :menuselection:`Project --> Configuration --> Settings`,
then activate :guilabel:`Recurring Tasks`, and :guilabel:`Save`.

> The recurring tasks feature is now activated on all existing projects. It can be deactivated

Author: Agreed

on an individual project by clicking the ⋮ next to the project name, then going to
:menuselection:`Settings --> Settings --> Task Management` and unchecking the

> :guilabel:`Recurring Tasks` checkbox.

Author: Done

Set up task recurrence
----------------------

In an existing task, go to the :guilabel:`Recurrent` tab, then check the :guilabel:`Recurrent` box.
A set of options allows you to configure the frequency: :guilabel:`Days`, :guilabel:`Weeks`,

> :guilabel:`Months`, :guilabel:`Years`, and the number of repetitions.

Author: I also feel there's no need to explain all this in detail, so indeed... Scrapped ;)

.. tip::
   A new recurrence is created on the scheduled date. To see the task in your project dashboard

>    before that, consider setting up the recurrence date to a day earlier.

Author: Yes and tes

===============
Recurring tasks
===============

When handling a project, the same task often needs to be performed several times: for example,
a weekly meeting or status report. The **recurring tasks** feature allows you to automate the

> creation of those tasks.

Reviewer: Be careful to respect the number of words per line :) "a" could be on line 5 I think

.. seealso::
   `Odoo Tutorials: Recurring tasks <https://www.odoo.com/slides/slide/recurring-tasks-1946>`_

Configuration
=============

To enable recurring tasks, go to :menuselection:`Project --> Configuration --> Settings`, then

> activate :guilabel:`Recurring Tasks`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
activate :guilabel:`Recurring Tasks`, and :guilabel:`Save`.
```

Once configured in :guilabel:`Settings`, the recurring tasks feature is activated by default on all
existing projects. If needed, it can be deactivated on an individual project by clicking the ...
icon next to the project name, then going to :menuselection:`Settings --> Settings --> Task

> Management` and unchecking the :guilabel:`Recurring Tasks`.

Author: Agreed, the writing is updated, and I removed the image :)

.. image:: recurring_tasks/project-settings.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Press the ... icon next to the project, then go to Settings

Author: Removed the picture as no added value

Set up recurrence on a task
---------------------------

In an existing task, go to the :guilabel:`Recurrent` tab, then check the :guilabel:`Recurrent` box.
A set of options allows you to configure the frequency (daily, monthly, weekly, or other) and the
number of recurrences.

> .. important::

Reviewer: I would just put it as a note.

Author: Not sure if it's better as a note, let's check together

>    A new recurrence will be created on the scheduled date. If you would like to have the task in
>    your pipeline before that, consider setting up the recurrence date to a day earlier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to see a task in your schedule before its due date, set up a recurrence for an earlier date. This will serve as a reminder and help you prepare for the task in advance..
```

> On the scheduled recurrency date, a new task will be created in the pipeline with the following

Reviewer: what do you mean by pipeline? how to access it?
We avoid writing in future, prefer to use the present :) "a new task is created" ...

configuration:

- :guilabel:`Stage`: 1st stage of the pipeline (:guilabel:`New` or equivalent).
- :guilabel:`Name, Description, Project, Assignees, Customer, Tags`: copied from the original task.
- :guilabel:`Milestones, Deadline, Timesheets, Chatter, Activities`: blank.
- :guilabel:`Subtasks`: copied from the original task, which becomes a parent of all the tasks in
  recurrence.

> - A **smart button** on the task displays the total number of existing recurrences.

Reviewer: I was not able to review this as I didn't see where it is

Edit or stop recurrence
-----------------------

When editing a recurring task, a prompt will show up at the top of your screen. It allows you to
choose whether you wish to apply your changes to one task only, or to a sequence of tasks.

> To stop the recurrence, go to the :guilabel:`Recurrency` tab of the task and deactivate the option.

Reviewer: I was not able to review this as I didn't see where it is
I would start by "to edit a recurring task, click XXX". A prompt shows up. You can select XXX or XXX.
